---
title: Staging Updates
description: Fresh updates for the Graasp platform
date: 2024-03-26
unlisted: true
authors:
  - graasp
---

Below are the latest changes deployed on [Graasp Staging](https://builder.stage.graasp.org).

:::warning[Important notes]

- You might need to create a new account on [the staging environnement](https://auth.stage.graasp.org) since the staging environment uses a different database as production's.
- Use a different browser or an incognito session to prevent cookie collision.

:::

<!-- Everything below this will not be shown in the post overview -->
<!-- truncate -->

## General

- **Use stacked notifications**: Improve the notification system that stacks notifications together to provide users with a clearer and more organized overview of recent changes or updates.
- **Increase database capacity**: Enhance the capacity of the database infrastructure to handle higher user loads efficiently, aiming for better performance and responsiveness for all users.

## Graasp Auth

- **Ask users to read and accept terms of usage and privacy policy on sign up**: During the sign-up process, users need to review and agree to the terms of usage and privacy policy, ensuring compliance and transparency with GDPR.
- **Show logo on sign up and sign in screens**: Enhance branding and user recognition by prominently displaying the platform's logo on both sign-up and sign-in screens.
- **Add copyrights in footer**: Include copyright information in the footer section of the application to assert ownership and protect intellectual property rights.

## Graasp Analytics

- **Display recent items on the home page**: Present recently modified items on the home page of Graasp Analytics, facilitating quick access and navigation for users.
- **Unify action colors in charts**: Standardize the color scheme used for representing different actions across all charts, promoting consistency and ease of interpretation.
- **Allow to delete user and actions within filters**: Enable users to delete selected users or actions within specified parameters, providing greater control over filtering.
- **Do not display map if no geolocation**: Dynamically hide the map feature when there are no geolocation-related actions to display, reducing clutter and improving visual focus.

## Graasp Builder

- **Dismiss file upload status on success**: Automatically dismiss status notifications generated by the file upload process, ensuring that users are promptly notified of completed operations and reducing unnecessary distractions.
- **Introduce display name in documents to show in Graasp Player**: Incorporate a display name feature within documents to be showcased in Graasp Player, enhancing clarity and customization options for content creators.
- **Introduce new font**: After brainstorming ideas for a new visual identity, a new font has been installed, moving a step towards this plan.

## Graasp Player

- **Add padding to prevent island to hide content**: Following a user feedback, padding adjustments were applied to prevent content from being hovered.
- **Shortcut to folders are displayed as folder cards**: Represent shortcuts to folders as distinct folder cards rather than a spread-out format, enhancing visual coherence and usability.
- **Folder cards now display the item thumbnail**: Enhance the visual presentation of folder cards by displaying the item thumbnail if available, providing users with additional context and visual cues.
- **Improve loading elements on navigation**: Enhance the loading indicators and transitions during navigation to improve the overall user experience and perception of responsiveness.
- **Fix a bug where single items could not be viewed because of a children error**: Addressed a bug that prevented the viewing of single items due to a children-related error.
- **Fix navigation crash**: Rectified an issue causing crashes during navigation, improving system stability and reliability.

<!-- Generic message -->

We warmly welcome and encourage feedback from our users to continuously improve our platform. You can contact us by email [admin@graasp.org](mailto:admin@graasp.org) or by submitting an issue in this [Github repository](https://github.com/graasp/graasp-feedback).

:::info[For editors and developers]
Feel free to update this text before we officially release it using the "Edit this page" button at the end of the article
:::
